[Music]
wasn't to the breakdown will we break
down all the messed up stuff many
families of our killers tend to be some
of the most messed up [ __ ] films like
murder set pieces the untold story they
show us a more concentrated side of
killer points of view Henry portrait of
a serial killer is one of the films that
started this it's a fictional story
based on real-life serial killer Henry
Lee Lucas and a serial killer buddy
Ottis Toole is fictional so don't take
anything we see in the movie is real in
portrait of a serial killer
Henry kills many people and eventually
brings his prison friend Otis on to
killing as well this is a pretty
well-known disturbing film that people
often sort of like they even looked at
this portrayal of Henry as a possible
candidate for a classic cinema villain
of the century
you know like Darth Vader in them if you
want to see what happens including all
messed up parts stay tuned for the
breakdown
[Music]
the movie starts off with a victim left
dead in some wooded area kind of reminds
me of that whole black doll your murder
case we didn't see a man leaving a diner
after doing lots of travelling like most
famous serial killers he seems to be
polite and normal he off-screen murders
two waitresses at some bar later though
as he drives around what I'm guessing is
Chicago he looks for any female victim
child or grown woman but it also shows
his previous victims that he killed
before like this prostitute who seems to
have a bottle stuck in her face and also
this woman facedown in a body of water
he eventually follows behind some woman
taking note of where she lives to kill
her later after leaving the house behind
Henry decides to be a nice guy and gives
a hitchhiker her last ride meanwhile in
an airport a woman named Becky is picked
up by her big brother
Otis apparently she has left her abusive
husband but the relationship between
these two is pretty awkward
Otis loves to reference her last job of
stripping even though she isn't a big
fan of talking about the past like that
Otis and Henry shared this apartment and
Henry comes home with the same
instrument that the hitch-hiker had
gifting it to Otis right away there is
some attraction between Becky and Henry
and it also seems that Otis doesn't know
anything about Henry's murderous
activities yet workwise
Henry is like a bug sprayer really a
drifter in real life I guess that's how
he is in a movie but he was so used the
job as an excuse to gain access to that
woman's house we followed the next cut
shows her body audio in the background
makes it seem like she could have been
raped before she was killed
back at home Otis is telling Becky about
how he met Henry in prison he says Henry
was in there after killing his mom and
her friend with a baseball bat later
Otis leaves to go deal with drugs or
something
leaving Henry and begi alone to get to
know each other even though Becky is
Otis's sister in his movie
in real life it seems she is his nice
real name Frieda and who was 12 years
old around the time she met Henry Henry
tells about his family but she explains
about her rapist father told me to take
my shirt off and he told me that he had
a riot because he was my daddy and I was
his daughter then he started coming to
my room a lot
after that tried to tell mama but she
didn't want to hear about it you think
Henry's you just told you a whole
chapter of her life well Becky messes up
by asking if Henry really killed his mom
something she wouldn't he was supposed
to mention it causes him to bring up mom
memories calling her a [ __ ] who was
getting piped out by different men even
when Dad was home even worse Henry's mom
made him wear a dress and forced him to
watch all the hardcore sex or BBB well I
think the same thing actually happened
to Otis - and he was a kid well that's
just in real life well Becky reacts to
the story with a strong interest for
Henry believing she was meant to meet
this man weirdly though Henry seems to
flip-flop on how he actually killed his
mom first
it was beaten then it was stabbed then
shot he was 14 when he killed her by the
way later oh this is guaranteed to be a
weirdo he trees Becky like she's not his
sister in other words like he wants her
or something he even really makes her
try on a typical ass t-shirt just the
PCAT are changing but she knew didn't
wish she could have just stepped in a
room right next to her Henry can feel
ODIs being in sensuous and makes him
apologize either he tries to kiss his
own sister Becky tries to mend their bad
blood by suggesting that they go out and
get a beer little does she know them
going off for a night is gonna create a
deranged serial killer do all the to
pick up two prostitutes to get their
health bar back up but things turned
sideways for both of them now she's a
hashtag
and now she's a tattoo oh it is a
surprise but not bothered he's just
scared they might get caught but Henry
done this before and knows how to stay
under the radar
he even shares his philosophy of it's
either you or them sounds like some
Mickey would say later to to go to some
black-market TV dealer to buy a TV half
price but only got fifty dollars on them
everything else is above that so it
makes the dealer pretty angry when they
insist on something good just as Henry
was about to let him live by being
polite he curses at them to pay him for
wasting his time and Henry's staff
they're doing in the hand with some TV
wire before using it all over his body
while ol just hose him down he didn't
hit him over the head with the TV that
cost $50 been purposefully plugs it in
to electrocute his head later at home
the three make a home video using a
stolen camera and TV also Becky kisses
Henry finally like she's been wanting to
for a while now they'll be using this
camera for some murders and observations
later later
Otis deals drugs with some teenager as
he passes it for him to try out he grips
the dudes leg only to get punched into
next week how did you expect that [ __ ]
to go down Otis personally I think he
left you off easy I will did more than
that oh this is angry but Henry directs
his anger into killing random ass people
they start by shooting some random nice
ass man who decided to stop his commute
to help them with their cart rolls the
reason why you don't find people like
this man is because they are taken away
way too early it's not fair at all Henry
explains that do kill everybody the same
it's the same as leaving a trail a
pattern or a modus operandi you'll get
caught soon enough so you gotta kill
everybody different they later watch a
video of them murdering an entire family
they break the necks of both fat and
Otis disrespects their bodies further
once it's over Otis rewinds cuz he wants
to watch it again
it seems Otis slick is sicker than Henry
that's only in this fiction
meanwhile becky is calling her daughter
at work it looks like she's about to
quit her job and reunite with her
grandma and daughter
hopefully Otis would be cool with that
because he's turned into a damn near
bigger villain than Henry and after an
argument he gets kicked out of the car
back home
Becky Regas she's going back home to be
with her daughter she does as Henry if
he wants to come with her though her old
husband is in jail surprisingly she's
leaving the next day then they leaves he
could have steak dinner after they eat
out she wants to get it out things get
pretty close but Henry obviously looks
kind of weary of having sex soon
Otis wakes up and surprises them drunk
oh it is catching I'm about to have sex
makes Henry embarrassed so he excuses
himself to go buy cigarettes on his way
back he has an awkward encounter with a
dog and her pet human considering
killing the woman before stopping back
inside though Otis is raping his sister
while Henry walks to the apartment
building soon Henry catches Otis and
knocks him right off
Otis gets the upper hand though and
right before killing Henry he is stabbed
in the eye by Becky he has then stabbed
many times by Henry finally ending the
rapist killer brother in real life Henry
was the one to rape the real-life Vicki
who I said was the niece of Otis and was
like probably 12 years old Henry makes a
quick decision to butcher the body and
then throw to remains over some bridge
after all the murder committed in the
movie Henry take Becky with him to go to
his sisters safe farm he also promises
to reunite her with her daughter soon
enough she says she loves him and he
says I guess I love you too pretty much
like that the two soon get a motel room
together but they don't talk much after
Henry less ideas go through his head the
movie ends as we see Henry without Becky
taking a bloody suitcase off-road and
leaving it behind so without a doubt
Henry didn't want to be tied down to
Becky at all which kind of sucks
considering she had a daughter waiting
for her to come back
now that kinda reminds me of the ending
of grand theft auto 3 I'm a big GTA fan
now that we seen a pretty famous serial
killer film let's talk about the mostess
thermoman and most enjoy a moment and
that spooky stuff so let's get right
into it the most disturbing me for me is
probably the rape of Becky honestly
close second would be the murder of the
family but let me tell y'all they could
have made it even worse to watch I mean
all Henry did was break everybody Nick
they could have just I don't know cut
the child's head off in front of the
parents and laugh as they sit in anguish
and despair but that's just evil spooky
speaking the most enjoyment was when
Henry killed the TV seller with the
[ __ ] TV wires or some I don't know
what exactly use but it worked out and
end it pretty shocking
hope you guys enjoyed this video if you
did make sure you check out some of
these other serial killer focus films
like I forgot what they recall but
they're right on the screen just click
any one of them if you haven't seen
these videos before thanks for watching
spooky out